Remove ide (#524)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/smart-contract/sample-contracts/erc-721/2-erc721.md

# 2. Deploying Smart Contract

You can use Remix Online IDE or use truffle to deploy above `MyERC721Card` smart contract.

> ## 2.1 Deploying smart contract using Remix Online IDE <a href="#2-1-deploying-smart-contract-using-klaytn-ide" id="2-1-deploying-smart-contract-using-klaytn-ide"></a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.1 Deploying smart contract using Remix Online IDE <a id="2-1-deploying-smart-contract-using-klaytn-ide"></a>
```

> * Please visit [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and create a `MyERC721Card` contract. The complete source code is given at [Writing ERC-721 Smart Contract](1-erc721.md).

Reviewer 2: same comments https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/524/files#r1058017456

> * Please visit [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and create a `MyERC721Card` contract. The complete source code is given at [Writing ERC-721 Smart Contract](1-erc721.md).

Author: ```suggestion
* Please visit [Klaytn Plugin for Remix](https://ide.klaytn.foundation) and create a `MyERC721Card` contract. The complete source code is given at [Writing ERC-721 Smart Contract](1-erc721.md).
```
